---
layout: post
title: Nouns
catagories: nouns
tags: nounsoneversion nounstwoversions
---

## Nouns With One Version
besonasige - The sequential art form descended from Shinkoma and left wing anarchist culture that became the default comics medium, with Four Frame Novels ( Enovo Shinkoma ) being a prototype. Unlike manga, focuses on sequential art with a mixture of western and Japanese brushes, pens, and inks following "hard and soft" pattern. The term itself is derived from "Besong Shige" or recited poetry.<br />
otonarubame - A comics album intended exclusively for adults.<br />
Sfuraponiqihe - A fusion of western Feather brush, Sumi brush, and Native American patterns. Is used to create baroque manuscripts torward the beginning of the O Raphael saga.<br />
alien, ghost, creature - eseneropa - enitotes sonite ni relite pesa.<br />
Etatunojinega - American "Gaijin" / Not American<br />
Etabeso - Comics that specifically focus on the life stories of "American Gaijin".
weaver - tisoranede<br />
dream - reve<br />
knife - cuto<br />
edge - en or bord - borude<br />
throat - nodo or gorge - cutonodo<br />
key - cere<br />
chair - xase<br />
tankobon - tankobon<br />
myth - michite<br />
galley -  gahe<br />
gale - gahene<br />
consideration - koroyo<br />
express - toko<br />
highland - hadajo<br />
macadamia - makadama<br />
monotheism - ishiniko<br />
polytheism - tasfijo<br />
atheism - musilijero<br />
pain - itami<br />
alarm - kilo<br />
nekurofiria - enekurofire<br />
hematolagna - elamatoragune<br />
robosexuality - robosekusurite<br />
sexuality - sekusurite<br />
appetite - apetite<br />
applause - hakusu<br />
basket - basukete<br />
basukete di giroxn - guillotine basket ( rude )<br />
batch - gerope<br />
bundle - banidoru<br />
cave - sfavare<br />
cabin - sfabine<br />

## Nouns With Two Versions
atmosphere - atimosipilere ( polite ) or funiki ( casual )<br />
bolt - boruto ( casual ) or verohe ( polite )<br />
caterpillar - xehene ( polite ) or kytapira ( casual )<br />
